Add docs on crdb_internal.cluster_locks (#14598)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/crdb-internal.md

  defaultdb     | kv         | d11a08c4-a3a2-4bdb-bf10-8d2373426faf | 2022-07-27 18:57:06.808046 | /Table/107/1/1/0 | Exclusive     |  true   |   true
  defaultdb     | kv         | 34ebadb6-99f1-4547-b487-4b322506b7fe | 2022-07-27 18:57:13.173556 | /Table/107/1/1/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
(2 rows)
~~~

As expected, there are two locks. This is the case because:

- The transaction with the [`SELECT FOR UPDATE`](select-for-update.html) query in Terminal 1 asked for an `Exclusive` lock on a row in the `defaultdb.kv` table, as shown in the `lock_strength` column. We can see that it was able to get that lock, since the `granted` column is `true`.
- The transaction in Terminal 2 is also trying to lock the same row in the `kv` table with a `lock_strength` of `Exclusive`. However, the value of the `granted` column is `false`, which means it could not get the exclusive lock yet, and is waiting on the lock from the query in Terminal 1 to be released before it can proceed.

Further, both transactions show the `contended` column as `true`, since these transactions are both trying to update rows in the `defaultdb.kv` table at the same time.

> The following more advanced query shows more information about lockholders, sessions, and waiting queries. This may be useful on a busy cluster for figuring out which transactions from which clients are trying to grab locks. Note that joining with `cluster_queries` will only show queries currently in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following more complex query shows additional information about lockholders, sessions, and waiting queries. This may be useful on a busy cluster for figuring out which transactions from which clients are trying to grab locks. Note that joining with `cluster_queries` will only show queries currently in progress.
```
Add "lockholder" and "lockholders" to `netlify/vale/vocab.txt` to get rid of the Vale error.

Author: Did it! thanks

  17056bb7e47a6ec00000000000000003 | 127.0.0.1:51094 | $ cockroach sql  | 771fe98f-9e39-4ce4-90da-8ecb06d2a856 | 17056bbd362852780000000000000003 | SELECT * FROM kv WHERE k = 1 FOR UPDATE | /Table/107/1/1/0 | 2022-07-26 15:48:18.145594 | defaultdb     | public      | kv         | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
(2 rows)
~~~

The output is similar to querying `cluster_locks` alone, except you can see the text of the SQL queries whose transactions are waiting on other transactions to finish, with additional information about the clients that initiated those transactions.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Locks are held by transactions, not queries. A lock can be acquired by a transaction as a result of a query, but CockroachDB does not track which query in a transaction caused that transaction to acquire a lock.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

#### Cluster locks - intermediate example

This example assumes you have a cluster in the state it was left in by [the previous example](#cluster-locks-basic-example).

> In this example you will put a workload on the cluster with multiple concurrent transactions using the [bank workload](cockroach-workload.html#run-the-bank-workload). With a sufficiently high concurrency setting, the bank workload will frequently attempt to update multiple accounts at the same time. This will create plenty of locks to view in the `crdb_internal.cluster_locks` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you will run a workload on the cluster with multiple concurrent transactions using the [bank workload](cockroach-workload.html#run-the-bank-workload). With a sufficiently high concurrency setting, the bank workload will frequently attempt to update multiple accounts at the same time. This will create plenty of locks to view in the `crdb_internal.cluster_locks` table.
```

Author: Updated!

  bank          | bank       | ffbeb239-9fba-4cd8-8f20-ccebe3a069cd | 2022-07-27 18:59:07.485126 | /Table/110/1/110/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
  bank          | bank       | 7f64b1f5-e70e-4257-9d5b-5a26e48001cf | 2022-07-27 18:59:07.77492  | /Table/110/1/110/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
  bank          | bank       | 3e4ca7d5-77ef-474b-8ffa-4eeeffa0d190 | 2022-07-27 18:59:08.888788 | /Table/110/1/110/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
  bank          | bank       | 57d984d7-54a9-4c7f-893d-a8c67e748bbe | 2022-07-27 18:59:05.117683 | /Table/110/1/110/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
  bank          | bank       | 3c06319f-31c3-43ba-8323-9807e2c6de04 | 2022-07-27 18:59:05.117683 | /Table/110/1/110/0 | Exclusive     |  false  |   true
(10 rows)
~~~

As in the [basic example](#cluster-locks-basic-example), you can see that some transactions that wanted locks on the `bank` table are having to wait (`granted` is `false`), usually because they are trying to operate on the same rows as one or more other transactions (`contended` is `true`).

> The following more advanced query shows more information about lockholders, sessions, and waiting queries. This may be useful on a busy cluster for figuring out which transactions from which clients are trying to grab locks. Note that joining with `cluster_queries` will only show queries currently in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following more complex query shows additional information about lockholders, sessions, and waiting queries. This may be useful on a busy cluster for figuring out which transactions from which clients are trying to grab locks. Note that joining with `cluster_queries` will only show queries currently in progress.
```

Author: ✅
